Inject Custom Response Headers By Status (#2587)
hashicorp/boundary: website/content/docs/configuration/listener/tcp.mdx

multiple interfaces; however, only one listener marked for `cluster` purpose is
allowed.

## Listener's custom response headers

Boundary supports defining custom HTTP response headers for all requests on any Boundary controller.

> Headers are defined based on the returned status code. For example, a user can define a list of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Headers are defined based on the returned status code. For example, you can define a list of
```

custom response headers for the `200` status code, and another list of custom response headers for

> the `307` status code, and so on. Users can also define headers based on the hundred-level status

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the `307` status code, and so on. You can also define headers based on the hundred-level status
```

> code. For example, a list of headers applied to the `4xx` code will be applied to 400, 401, 404 and

Reviewer: ```suggestion
code. For example, a list of headers applied to the `4xx` code will be applied to 400, 401, 404, and
```

all other 400-level status codes. The more specific the status, the higher priority it will have.
Default headers are overwritten by hundred-level headers, which are overwritten by status-specific

> headers.

Reviewer: I like Johan's suggestion above, but I would change the sentence a bit to make it more active:

> If a header is desired for all responses, _you must explicitly add it to all configured levels_.

> headers.

Author: do they need to, though? wouldn't they just set it under default? unless you mean specifically that they want different custom values _for each response code_, then yes

> headers.

Reviewer 2: What I mean is that we should make it explicit that there's no inheritance from more generic to more specific codes.

> headers.

Reviewer 2: Apparently I misunderstood how this worked, so carry on!

  default, such as `"Content-Type"`, `"X-Requested-With"`, and
  `"Authorization"`.

### `custom_api_response_headers` Parameters

- `default` `(key-value-map: {})` - A map of string header names to an array of
  string values. The default headers are set on all endpoints regardless of

>   the status code value. For an example, please refer to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  the status code value. For an example, refer to the
```

}
```

### Configuring custom http response headers

> Note: Requires Boundary version 0.12 or newer. This example shows configuring custom http response headers.

Reviewer: We do have versioning built in. If this is for the 0.12 release, we will only publish it to that branch (and going forward). So I think Johan's right that we don't need the note.

Operators can configure `"custom_api_response_headers"` and `"custom_ui_response_headers"` sub-stanzas in

> the listener stanza to set custom http headers appropriate to their applications. Examples of such headers

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the listener stanza to set custom http headers that are appropriate to their applications. Examples of such headers
```

are `"Strict-Transport-Security"` and `"Content-Security-Policy"` which are known HTTP headers, and could
be configured to harden the security of an application communicating with the Boundary endpoints. Note that

> vulnerability scans often examine such security related HTTP headers. In addition, application specific
> custom headers can also be configured. For example, `"X-Custom-Header"` has been configured in the example

Reviewer: ```suggestion
vulnerability scans often examine such security related HTTP headers. In addition, you can configure application-specific custom headers. For example, `"X-Custom-Header"` has been configured in the example
```

  custom_api_response_headers {
    "default" = {
      "Strict-Transport-Security" = ["max-age=31536000; includeSubDomains"],
      "X-Custom-Header" = ["Custom Header Default Value"],
    },
    "2xx" = {
      "X-Custom-Header" = ["Custom Header Value 1", "Custom Header Value 2"],
    },
    "301" = {
      "Strict-Transport-Security" = ["max-age=31536000"],
    },
  }
  custom_ui_response_headers {
    "default" = {
      "Strict-Transport-Security" = ["max-age=31536000; includeSubDomains"],
      "Content-Security-Policy" = ["default-src 'none'; script-src 'self'; frame-src 'self'; font-src 'self'; connect-src 'self'; img-src 'self' data:*; style-src 'self'; media-src 'self'; manifest-src 'self'; style-src-attr 'self'; frame-ancestors 'self'"],
      "X-Custom-Header" = ["Custom Header Default Value"],
    },
    "2xx" = {
      "X-Custom-Header" = ["Custom Header Value 1", "Custom Header Value 2"],
    },
    "301" = {
      "Strict-Transport-Security" = ["max-age=31536000"],
      "Content-Security-Policy" = ["default-src 'none'; script-src 'none'; connect-src 'none'"],
    },
  }
}
```

In situations where a header is defined under several status code subsections,

> the header matching the most specific response code will be returned. For example,

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Boundary returns the header matching the most specific response code. For example,
```
